c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\SerenityWinForm.exe.config
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.Form1.resources
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\SerenityWinForm.exe
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\SerenityWinForm.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Core.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Data.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Services.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Web.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\MsieJavaScriptEngine.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Core.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Core.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Data.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Data.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Data.Entity.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Services.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\Serenity.Web.pdb
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\bin\Debug\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.exe
c:\users\bilbest\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SerenityWinForm\SerenityWinForm\obj\Debug\SerenityWinForm.pdb
